README.rst, before:

Uploadr.py
==========

Uploadr.py is a simple Python script for uploading your photos to Flickr. Unlike
many GUI applications out there, it lends itself to automation; and because it's
free and open source, you can just change it if you don't like it.


Authentication
--------------

To use this application, you need to obtain your own Flickr API key and secret
key. You can apply for keys `on the Flickr website
<http://www.flickr.com/services/api/keys/apply/>`_.

When you have got those keys, you need to set environment variables so that they
can be used by this application. For example, if you use Bash, add the following
lines to your ``$HOME/.bash_profile``::

    export FLICKR_UPLOADR_PY_API_KEY=0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef
    export FLICKR_UPLOADR_PY_SECRET=0123456789abcdef

Additional Requirement
----------------------
this fork implements image resize feature before uploading to Flickr. This requires you to have Python Image Library (PIL) installed in your Python environment
refer to http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil for installation

tested on Python 2.7, this module is still functioning properly

Also included is pexif module from (https://github.com/bennoleslie/pexif) to copy important EXIF information (Model, Maker, GPS data) to resized image.

License
-------

Uploadr.py consists of code by Cameron Mallory, Martin Kleppmann, Aaron Swartz and
others. See ``COPYRIGHT`` for details.

Commit message:

update readme with sample usage

README.rst, after:

Flickr-Uploader.py
==================

Flickr-Uploader is a simple Python script for uploading your photos to Flickr. Unlike
many GUI applications out there, it lends itself to automation; and because it's
free and open source, you can just change it if you don't like it.


Authentication
--------------

To use this application, you need to obtain your own Flickr API key and secret
key. You can apply for keys `on the Flickr website
<http://www.flickr.com/services/api/keys/apply/>`_.

When you have got those keys, you need to set environment variables so that they
can be used by this application. For example, if you use Bash, add the following
lines to your ``$HOME/.bash_profile``::

    export FLICKR_UPLOADR_PY_API_KEY=0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef
    export FLICKR_UPLOADR_PY_SECRET=0123456789abcdef

Additional Requirement
----------------------
this fork implements image resize feature before uploading to Flickr. This requires you to have Python Image Library (PIL) installed in your Python environment
refer to http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil for installation

tested on Python 2.7, this module is still functioning properly

Also included is pexif module from (https://github.com/bennoleslie/pexif) to copy important EXIF information (Model, Maker, GPS data) to resized image.

Usage
-----
if you have setup default image directory to upload, then just issue command
``python uploadr.py ``

for more help on additional parameters
``python uploadr.py --help``


To upload specific directory and do resizing to 1280 pixel wide:
``python uploadr.py -p 1280 "/Users/name/pictures/2013/bikes" ``


License
-------

Uploadr.py consists of code by Cameron Mallory, Martin Kleppmann, Aaron Swartz, Alisanta Tjia and
others. See ``COPYRIGHT`` for details.
